We're now on a great milestone of our spring and spring ball journey we'll start building ourselves
a full featured springboard and with secret application while Deuel hoping this application will be
making use of all the awesome technologies that we learned along the way.
These technologies include spring boot spring NBC spring rest spring data and this time will actually
be developing ourselves a web application so I'll also be using a Steimle five CSSA 3 bootstrap and
much more.
By the end of the section you'll understand how everything works together and how you can get the maximum
value out of all these building blocks in any application that you're going to build enough talking.
And let's take a look at what we're going to be building and what it's going to look like when we finish
our development.
So I'll switch back to Firefox.
And here we have the application we're going to be building this application as we just talked in a
minute ago.
There's going to be a spring and we see application with this application.
We're going to be developing ourselves an interface a UI that UI we're going to be managing our products
from an interface within that interface.
We can list all the products that we have and we can add new products to our inventory to our repository.
So let's take out our application and navigate around it.
In the navigation bar we're going to have three sections.
The first one is the home section which redirects us back to this interface.
And the second button we have is the products and if we click the products button we're going to be
having all the products display it from our repository.
As you can see here and in the right hand side of the products table that we have here we have the button
and the edit button.
If we go to our button we're going to be shown the details of our product and if we go back and check
out the edit button we're going to be able to edit our product in our repository and we can then simply
say our edited product and the last functionality that we're going to have is the create product functionality.
And if we go to create section we'll do it this way with the new product screen that we can add our
new product with the data that we provide.
This is the application that we're going to be building in the section.
And as I discussed before we're going to be using a lot of different technologies and see how they work
together.
So to start building our application I'll be seeing you on the next video.